 Hello. You guys are so gorgeous. Thanks for having me here. Give it up for yourselves for being gorgeous. Who is over a couple of years? All my friends, they got married and pregnant during the pandemic.
 So I've been looking for a romantic partner. Somebody to take care of me, make me take my meds. So basically a nurse. Do we have any nurses?
 I heard the pandemic was real fun for you guys. I've been doing Bumble. Does anybody know what Bumble is?
 It's a dating app. I need dating app for her. It's not that everybody is happy. I'm definitely not. So yeah, I've been living in Bumble and I just lived as a guy like a couple months ago.
 And he saw it and said, like, I could be your daddy. And I was like, he sounds funny. And it was actually a really good conversation. We were talking about, like, we're sad, but we like nature, right? And out of nowhere, he goes, I bet that this is good.
 In a second, Spartacus.
 It's dry. It's like, inside, it's like, you know the movies where the tumbleweeds are all stuck together? I'm feeling pain right now. It's like, you know how sometimes when you're putting stuff in your vagina, it sounds like that back-and-cheese noise?
 They can see some people who hate it who probably also have tried to jump on it.
 I've always had a lot of trouble dating. Honestly, if I'm being real, I've never really had a relationship except for this one for two years, but we don't count that. And it's because I'm tall. I'm tall. I'm tall. Is that funny? So I ain't falling in here. We're here. Yeah.
 It's horrible being small growing up because like you're just like boys are just sea level. I just get made fun of a lot. I could never find shoes that fit before like online shopping was a thing because I had big feet.
 You know what they say about girls with thick feet? They got foot cancer. Sorry if anybody has foot cancer. Most likely will. Yeah, I hated being called. There was a boy who sat in front of me in ninth grade, I blush. Every time I passed my test paper on him, he'd write an M in front of my name. My name's Ann.
 I'm in front of it. Let's not be so mean. And no, it's for cancer.
 I got my period today. Anybody else from there?
 I'm proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you.
 It hurts. And then I got my period this morning. I woke up, ripped my covers off me, realized I got fathered myself. You know, it's like the dead horse scene. But it's just me. I got my period when I missed father.
 You too? Weird. On the boardwalk of Virginia Beach, it's like, my ex was like, we need a funnel camp. A funnel cake stand, right? So that's what we're going to do. And the funny thing, my dad, he would always watch, make me and my brother watch Jaws before we went to the beach.
 Because he was, like, a really good, supportive father to me. And that's why I can't be a boyfriend. So we were doing this much jazz, and I thought my period,
 of the beach and I'm like walking around with just like a murder in my baby suit. And my cousin, she's a bitch, but she's still a bitch now. She was like, Ann, get in the water. Just get in the water. I'm like, no, I can't. She's like, get in the water. And I'm like, I'm not just going to throw my chump bucket pussy into the ocean.
 Okay, I've been out. Thank you very much.
 Hello. Oh, you guys are so gorgeous. Thanks for having me here. Give it up for yourselves for being gorgeous. A minus Pittsburgh quality. It's good enough. Oh, it's been a weird couple of years. All my friends, they got married and pregnant during the pandemic.
 I'm like, how dare you? So I've been looking for like a romantic partner, somebody to take care of me, make me take my meds. So basically a nurse. Do we have any nurses in here?
 Seriously. I heard the pandemic was real funny for you guys.
 I've been doing bumble. Does anybody know what bumble is? It's like the new slang for crud. It's a dating app. I need dating app first. Everybody's happy. Everybody's happy. Everybody's happy. Everybody's happy.
 So yeah, I've been doing Bumble and I matched with this guy like a couple months ago. And his bio said like I could be your daddy.
 And I was like, he sounds nice. And it was actually a really good conversation. We were talking about, like, we're sad, but we like nature. And out of nowhere, he goes, I bet that pussy is good.
 I was like, it's fine.
 It's dry. Inside is like, you know the movies where the tumbleweed grows. Sandpaper.
 It's like, you know how sometimes, like, when you're putting stuff in your vagina, it sounds like that mac and cheese noise? Mine just coughs.
 I can see some people love that joke. I can see some people hate it, but probably also have tired to time. It's human antidepressants. Okay.
 I've always had a lot of trouble dating. Honestly, if I'm being real, I've never really had a relationship except for this one for two years, but we don't count that. And it's because I'm tall. I'm a tall lady. Is that funny? Is there any tall women in here? Like, we're here.
 I already saw you. Oh, my God. It was horrible being tall growing up. Because, like, you're just, like, boys are just C-level with your knuckles. We used to get made fun of a lot. I could never find shoes that fit before I'd gone online shopping was a thing. Because I had big feet.