 I was out of character. I'm sorry. Okay, before I start, I have a lot of jokes because I'm really prolific. I kind of can't remember a lot of them. Some of them don't really go anywhere. They're sort of like, they're just contextless. So here's a stack of them. Pass them out. These are the jokes, all right? If I look at you and you've got a piece of paper, say the thing on the piece of paper and I will say that joke. Make sense? All right, very cool. All right, now that we're all on the same page.
 My name is Zeevon. I'm Zeevon Vasquez. Zeevon is a Slavic fertility goddess. So if anybody is trying to learn Russian or get pregnant, I have Rosetta Stone. How do you know you're half black? No one asks this, but you know. I know I'm half black because I'm infertile.
 So even my boys can't swim. I do like to start with a fertility joke just to calibrate, see where you guys are at. Usually I can smell whether a crowd will like this kind of thing. Recovering from a flu, I'm sorry. Yeah. Are you guys all from Pittsburgh? No. No. No, in fact, no. Whoever is not from Pittsburgh.
 Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I will not be speaking to you. I'm not from Pittsburgh either. But when I moved here, I'm sorry, I was, you know, it's the luck of the draw. When I moved here, I found out that Pittsburgh actually has the lowest suicide rate in the United States of America. It is, because no one can decide which bridge to jump off of.
 No, this hot middle's really far from my house. I think I'll just get help. Too many options, Dan Tan. Gosh. I guess we're technically in a basement, right? This is a basement. I am the proud owner of a basement. This was not always so. I did live in a shitty apartment for seven years. Does anybody else also only take showers?
 Let me explain. If you live in a shitty apartment, the only reason to take a bath is to kill yourself. That's right. I'm not gonna. I'm just saying if you heard the faucet, plans had been made. That's right. I have been a little, you know, in the past. But I had a way to get out of it. When I was feeling really depressed, I actually would write my suicide note, but I would do it in comic sans.
 So by the time I got to the end of it, I'd be like, this is ridiculous. I can't go through with something so ill-formatted. That's ridiculous.
 I, uh, you should do yours in Wingdings. Why did he do it? I don't think he knew. It was very distressed. Gosh, I moved to Pittsburgh for school. I studied physics, which I know is not very hoodrat of me. But I only studied black holes and white bitches.
 Physics tells us that 97% of the universe is dark matter and actually none of it is at Carnegie Mellon. Very lonely four years. I would actually, for fun, I would dress up like a janitor and do my homework in the hallway. Sort of like a goodwill hunting magical negro situation.
 Oh, my God, he's really doing it. I know. Oh, I don't know nothing about no vectors. Integrate over time. We all got to integrate, brothers. A body in motion could stay in motion or it could start a movement. Young blood. Disappear into a puff of black wisdom. All right, it's paper time. Who's got something?
 You. Scrabble. Scrabble. I was playing Scrabble with my psychiatrist. He was like, did you know you're obsessive compulsive? I was like, did you know that's 200 points?
 Worked real hard. No, I don't have OCD. I just have 10 people I have to remind that of every single day. I wrote that in the cafe. I'm leaving that on the floor. All right. The cafe. It was very genteel of me. Who else has a piece of paper? You. Schrodinger's cat. Schrodinger's cat? Very cool. I was having sex with Schrodinger's cat, actually. She was like, is it in yet? I was like, I don't know.
 Let's talk about my family! Alright, so I'm half black, half Hispanic, which means I only steal cleaning supplies. That's right, applause break please, thank you. My mom is Latina, and all the women on my mom's side married white guys, so my family is like a Chipotle. It seems Mexican, but it's only four white people.
 You're my target audience. It's all for you. Everything is. Okay. My dad, he is black. He is, specifically, he's African. Really cool, well-dressed, metrosexual African guy. Shops at Wakanda forever, 21. Cool dude. My dad is, like, a very cool black guy. It's kind of difficult to tell what he's thinking. He's kind of an enigma to me, and I can say that I'm half enigma. It's all right.
 My dad's trying to get back into my life. He's trying to talk to me more, but he is Nigerian, so the only way he knows how to get a hold of me is through scam emails. So if I don't check my spam folder, I don't hear from him. I am originally from Texas. Does anybody here from Texas? Woo? No. Thank you for playing.
 I am from Texas. I've written a lot of jokes about Texas. I misspoke. I've written a lot of jokes about the KKK. One night, I told this one joke. I say the word Klansman. I say Klansman. This woman in the back, she pops up. She goes, Klansperson. Yeah, you got me. Did not know we were fighting the fight for them. Oh, this fella has their pronouns on their robe. Neonaut ZZM. That's cool.
 I've been thinking about whether or not I'd make a good civil rights activist. I think the answer is no. No, civil rights is a joke. That is the vibe that's just emanating from this group right here. Oh, man. No, it is very funny. I don't think I would make a good civil rights activist, largely because I'm full of hate, but also because I have bunions.
 It's very difficult to march for equality when your toes aren't even equal. Sivan, we're going to Birmingham. We're going to Washington. Are you in? I'm like, can we write a letter? See if they get back to us. I'm just saying, if Rosa Parks had hemorrhoids, I would not be here before you today. That's why it's called Stand Up. All right. Paper. Who's got paper?
 You already talked. You. Anxiety. I have a new anxiety. Anything I'm worried about. I'm worried that I will accidentally quote porn to someone and they will know to what I am referring. I was on the phone with my mom. Bye. Love you. And a Rachel blowjob party by the pool. Oh, shit.
 All right, I want a dovetail from Blowjob. Who else has a piece of paper? What do you got? Anteaters. Anteaters! Actually, this is nice. Okay. I mean, they're all great. But anteaters, you guys are familiar with these little critters? Anteaters are actually only called anteaters because there's no Latin phrase for Blowjob Dog.
 one more piece of paper uh you what do you got machine i um i'm a sex machine i'm a rube goldberg sex machine actually that just means i knock a lot of shit over all right i know there's some pieces of paper out left i'll do them real quick okay uh you
 Bagpipes. Bagpipes. Okay, people talk shit about the bagpipes, but when else can you blow into a ball sack in front of grieving police officers? Alright, paper, paper. You. 9-11. 9-11. Losing my virginity was my 9-11. Because I know where I was when it happened. It was for 9-11 because I exploded on impact.
 Not the gentlest of closers. Who else has a piece of paper? Please, for the love of... Okay, what? Huh? Jazz. Okay. I do not catcall. But I do like jazz, so I do scatcall. Damn, girl, you skibbity-bee-bop with that doobity-boop-boop. That ass is pentatonic.
 Actually, I am seeing someone, it's going pretty well, but we found out recently that she has mesothelioma, which sucks because now I have to decide if she's a loved one or not. We were talking, she was like, babe, what are we? I was like, eligible for financial compensation.
 All right, you guys have been great. I've been Zevon. Good night.