 Thank you so much for coming out. Thank you so much for coming out. You guys look beautiful, and I look like if you drew Ed Sheeran with your offhand. Yep.
 Do you guys think that the guys who invented the roller coaster were just like, oh man, we fucked this train up so bad. Holy shit, dude. Fired? Of course we're fired. I put loops in it, you idiot.
 There's no getting out of this scot-free. This is the railroad. They don't treat people well here. We gotta get out of here. And then they go down the road on that weird seesaw go-kart. Yeah, some of you know the Uppy Downy machine. There's a lot of talk nowadays about alternative energy vehicles. But you know what that thing runs on? Friendship. Mm-hmm.
 That runs on two friends getting the goddamn workout of their life. They're doing squats until they reach Mississippi.
 I got roadhead recently. That was pretty cool. Yep. Pretty big roadhead crowd. I can tell. Um, I did, I got roadhead and that's just my way of bragging, uh, about how flexible I am. Yep. Uh,
 I'm not a manly person or any of you guys like big dick, macho Kratom guys. Good for you. I'm glad you found something that works. I'm not, and I know I'm not. Uh, I asked a friend of mine the other day, uh,
 I told a friend of mine the other day that I was thinking of getting a job in construction, and he said, the paper? Oof. One of the best calls I've ever seen. Which is unfortunately one of the best calls I've ever seen.
 Oh, speaking of that, I saw this comedian the other day, and he was talking about he's afraid to wash his butthole in the shower because he's afraid it makes him gay, which is pretty crazy. There's a lot wrong with that statement, starting that his asshole is caked in shit.
 But I just don't think that touching anything down there or putting anything down there makes you anything. And I know that because when I was 14, I put an electric toothbrush up there, and that did not make me a dentist. No. No.
 They did not give me a PhD. They gave me a stern talking to. Those are expensive. You know how 9 out of every 10 dentists are normal and then there's just that one goddamn wild card? I think he does agree. I just think he's on the ground writhing in ecstasy.
 I think they called him, they were like, alright, nine of them said that Crest was good. Hey, what did that last guy say? Oh, he said, ugh, gross. I think that trolls, like the ones that live under bridges, are so grumpy all the time.
 Probably because of the constant suicides that they see. You know, like they come up on top of the bridge like twiddle dum, twiddle dee. And to me, these riddles, Jesus Christ, oh my God. If I were them, I'd come up with new riddles so fast.
 I'd come up with riddles so fast. Hello? I'd come up with new riddles so fast.
 I jump out on top of the bridge like, riddle number one, did you know that there are free resources in your area? Riddle number two, did you know that I love you? Riddle number three, yeah. That's when you get them.
 sorry if i seem a little bit off the person that i was in a past life is still alive he wrote these jokes do you guys know what a turducken is good uh for those of you who don't a turducken is a dish it's a chicken inside a duck inside a turkey a turkuken on the other hand
 very similar it's a chicken inside a duck but the turkey watches did you know that the woman who holds the world record for longest fingernails also holds the record for spookiest hand job
 Sorry if I seem a little off, I'm just like super diabetic right now. Yep. The older I get, the more I'm becoming like my dad. And by that I mean I've been ramming my mom.
 We put our cat on Prozac, which the only difference is now when we have sex, neither of us comes.